hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 2016 fantasy adventure film
fantastic beasts and where to find them
so let's get started a quick note while
set in the world of Harry Potter these
films take place 70 years before the
events of that series we opened in 1926
to find a British wizard named Newt
Scamander arriving in New York there he
meets Mary Lou barebone a non-magical
woman aka a nomad or the Harry Potter
series would be referred to as a muggle
who is preaching of the existence of
witches and wizards and how dangerous
they are while listening to her speech a
small magical creature called Anne if
Fleur escapes from newts suitcase was
contained a large variety of magical
creatures while trying to capture the
nefler Newt accidentally switches
suitcases with a no-match named Jacob
Kowalski who is an aspiring Baker Newt
is arrested for being an unregistered
wizard in New York by a demoted are a
hunter of dark wizards named kina
goldstein new is brought before the
magical Congress of the United States by
Tina in hopes that she will regain her
position as an r when the contents of a
suitcase are revealed to only be baked
goods Newt is released
however at Jacobs residence several
creatures have escaped from newts
suitcase Tina and Newt meet up with
Jacob in the suitcase and they all
travel to Tina's apartment to meet with
Tina's roommate Queenie who can extract
feelings and memories from other
people's minds Queenie and Jacob are
both attracted to one another but is
forbidden for a magical and non magical
person to marry or even interact Newt
brings Jacob inside his suitcase
revealing that is much larger on the
inside in Jacob egg counters and
obscurus a dark destructive parasite
that develops and magically gifted
children who are forces suppress their
abilities Newt and Jacob pursue the
missing creatures capturing two of the
three missing ones before re-entering
the suitcase only to have the suitcase
be brought before the magical congress
by tina new is arrested as they believe
that one of newts beasts killed the New
York senator newts suitcases to be
destroyed and
we'll have his recent memories erased
the director of magical security
Percival graves accuses Newt of working
with the infamous dark wizard named
Geralt Brendan Wald both Tina and new
are sentenced to death but they arrested
by Queenie and Jacob after meeting with
a goblin gangster named gnarly they're
able to recapture the last creature we
see graves talking to Creedence Fairborn
the adopted son of Mary Lou bear born
the woman shouting about wizards at the
beginning of the film graves offers to
free Creedence from his abusive mother
and that he wants Creedence to finding
obscurus which he believes has caused
the mysterious destruction throughout
the city which we have seen clips
throughout the film credenzas mother
later tries to abuse his sister modesty
and an obscurus is released killing
everyone in the building except credence
and modesty graves arrived and at first
dismisses credence but credence releases
his obscurus being drastically more
powerful than a normal obscurus after
destroying a great deal of the city new
finds credence hiding away in a subway
tunnel but is attacked by graves tina
attempts to calm down credence as she
knows he is just scared but then the
orders arrive in disintegrate Creedence
graves and myths to releasing the
obscurus in order to expose the no
Maja's to the magical world and
expresses his disdain for the magical
congress after one of new speed stops
in' it is revealed that graves was
actually the dark wizard grinning walled
in disguise Britain Wald is then taken
into custody new releases of beasts
called a Thunderbird which releases a
rainfall to help New Yorkers recent
memories be erased of the destruction
caused by the obscurus Queenie kisses
Jacob goodbye just before his memories
of her are erased Newt leaves for Europe
to continue his book on magical
creatures but promises to visit Tina
you'd also anonymously gives jacobsims
silver eggs which Shake abuses to start
his bakery Queenie visits the bakery and
Jacob smiles at her showing that he may
have not lost all of his memories of her
so that was the spoilers for fantastic
beasts and where to find them if you
have another film you'd like to see me
spoil please let me know in the comments
below check out movie's spoiler alerts
on the various forms of social media and
remember to Like and subscribe thanks
for watching
[Music]
you